[PL-Doc] Custom Sign-in message SMP (#10751)
harness/developer-hub: docs/self-managed-enterprise-edition/advanced-configurations/configure-custom-signin-message.md

---
title: Configure Custom Login Prompt

> sidebar_label: Configure Custom Login Prompt

Author: fix in https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/10751/commits/5f4dcbde1fc47e7c0a011bb6081847a4ad30da3c

tags: ["custom sign in prompt", "smp", "prompt on log in", "message prompt"]
keywords: 
- custom sign-in prompt
date: 2025-07-26T14:00
sidebar_position: 3
---

<!--Pre-requistics-->

:::important
    This feature is available starting from release harness-0.30.0. 
:::

<!--Introduction: what is customizable login message, why it is needed-->

> The Custom Login Prompt allows organizations to display a mandatory notice on the login screen, ensuring users see and acknowledge important information before accessing the platform.

Author: fixed in https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/10751/commits/5f4dcbde1fc47e7c0a011bb6081847a4ad30da3c

> This is not just cosmetic. It's essential for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Showing a login prompt to users can be important in the following use cases:
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/10751/commits/5f4dcbde1fc47e7c0a011bb6081847a4ad30da3c

> * **Regulatory compliance** (e.g. SOC 2, ISO 27001, GDPR) that may require user consent or policy acknowledgment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Regulatory compliance** that may require user consent or policy acknowledgement.
```

> * **Legal protection** by showing terms of use, acceptable use policies, or disclaimers before granting access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Legal protection** by showing terms of use, data usage policies, or disclaimers before granting access.
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/10751/commits/5f4dcbde1fc47e7c0a011bb6081847a4ad30da3c

> * **Security awareness** by reminding users of data handling responsibilities, password policies, or incident reporting procedures.

Author: fixed in https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/10751/commits/5f4dcbde1fc47e7c0a011bb6081847a4ad30da3c

> By enforcing a visible, customizable prompt at login, organizations strengthen their security posture and reduce legal risk.

Reviewer: Remove

<details>
    <summary>Regulatory / Legal disclaimer Example</summary>
        <p>

>             You are accessing a U.S. Government (USG) Information System (IS) that is provided for USG-authorized use only.

Reviewer: @ivikramsahu reword this using AI and also remove any specific references and make it generic.

Reviewer: Or we can remove this altogether, as we already are sharing the HTML example and end result

Author: Correct. I have removed this.

> 

Reviewer 2: In the Rich-Text-View mode, the first line doesn't show up properly, and `</p>` tag at the end is also showing up in quoted text

<img width="1251" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3057c3c1-6504-4bb8-861d-d61f6cc77e10" />
